feat: don't skip .github dir (#441)
launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs: docs/ALIASES.md

```sh
git update-index --chmod=+x .launchdarkly/flagAlias.sh
```

## Finding flags used in GitHub workflow files

> If you are using [launchdarkly/gha-flags](https://github.com/launchdarkly/gha-flags), your flag keys will not be wrapped in delimiters, so it is important to either have the proper aliases configured or disable delimiters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [launchdarkly/gha-flags](https://github.com/launchdarkly/gha-flags), your flag keys will not be wrapped in delimiters, so it is important to either configure the proper aliases or disable delimiters.
```
super nit: active voice, parallel structure
